"May I introduce a city? That is changing every moment
It's a charming contradiction. A prize for everyone."
If you are from Los Angeles, stand tall
Hope I made my city proud cause I get down for y'all
From Jordan's old soul food on Wilmington
To Tommy's on Rampart, we living in
A city with no pity
Smog make lung shitty
Children up at 6:00 to get bused across the city
Laying off teachers
Economy weaker
I watch graduation from under the school bleachers
All my friends had dropped out early
America justice done did my homie's so dirty
Prison over tagging or prison over some bud 
We get medical marijuana, Ro was holding a dub
Now, up in the clouds touching down to a crowd
Waiting for me to say something special over a sound
A city drown in the sun, that Hollywood shit fake
Spotlights from a helicopter shine on my face
We push carts full of plastic trying to make a quick buck
Mad dogging my brothers to hit 'em up where you from
From the city with no pity
Skid Row to Venice
City development is kicking out life long tenets
So where you from?
Throw your neighborhood like you proud
You don't need to catch a body to show how much you down
This for my cousins who caught it
All my friends who ain't here
Los Angeles looking different every year
So tell 'em where you from
Where you from?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Uh huh
Where you from?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Uh huh uh huh
Show me where you from
Babies killing babies make me crazy
The rappers glorify how we survive through this bangin'
Politicians speaking for money and not the needy
Seedy, greedy with beedie little eyes feeding the beast
So while Eazy-E up at Ceders
I'm hustling off my beeper
Playing the diggy Doc on my grandmama's speakers
Teachers kick me out of class
So fast
And all of my O.G.'s had my back so fast
So who you think I trusted?
Eyes closed when I'm jumped in
Brainwashed beef made killing feel like it's nothing
From a gang that started out as just a car club
Other gangs popping so Satanas got to arming up
And now I work to end all the killing
My peers in the street corrupted our young children
If you really from the days that you claim
Then why would you want our kids to go through the same thang?
From P.R. to Hellside, Sarzana to Flipside
Asia Boys to JEFROX
T.R.G. on the east side
I really wanna see up grow old
I know that going to war is all the homie's really know
Them Temple Street T.L's
AKRHO and Tau Gamma
Them school yards, Bahala Nas
This is my plea to see some peace
For all our fallen brothers R.I.P. it with me
